# Exercise 3

## The Little Theater of Operations

Imagine you are putting on a theater play where the actors are functions. Each actor plays a different role, representing a mathematical operation. Here's what we expect from our actors:

1. Named Function "The Star Dancer":
    - Name this actress (function) jump. She takes a number as a parameter, representing the height of her jump, and she returns double that height (as if she performed a double-height jump).

2. Function Stored in a Variable "The Acrobat":

    - This actor is special and has a unique performance method. Assign a function to a variable called spin. This function takes a number representing the number of spins he does during his acrobatic performance and returns that number multiplied by 3 (as if he tripled each spin).

3. Anonymous Function "The Mysterious Magician":

    - During a show, the magician picks a member of the audience to provide a number. He then calls upon a mysterious (anonymous) function to multiply this number by itself, but he never directly reveals his secret. Use an anonymous function in this context to perform his magic trick.



## Exercise 4: 

## The Arguments Café

You are the owner of a café named "The Arguments Café". This café specializes in crafting custom orders based on customers' preferences. Here are the tasks you need to perform:

1. Default Menu:
    - Create a function defaultOrder that returns a drink with the default ingredients: "water", "coffee", "sugar". If the customer does not specify their order, these ingredients will be used.

2. Custom Order:
    - Create a function customOrder that uses default parameters for the ingredients but allows customers to replace them. For instance, a customer might want to replace "sugar" with "maple syrup".

3. Extras:
    - Use the spread operator to create a function addExtras which accepts a drink and any number of additional ingredients. These additional ingredients should be added to the existing drink.

4. Signature Drink:
    - Create a function signatureDrink that accepts an order function as an argument, as well as the customer's preferences. This function should return the drink generated by the order function passed as an argument.


**Questions:**

- What are the ingredients of an order made with defaultOrder?
- What are the ingredients of a custom order made with customOrder replacing "sugar" with "honey"?
- How would you add "milk", "cinnamon" to an order using the addExtras function?
- How would you use the signatureDrink function to craft a drink based on the customOrder with "chocolate" instead of "coffee"?